# Bill

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**CreatedAt** | Pointer to **time.Time** |  | [optional] [readonly] 
**UpdatedAt** | Pointer to **time.Time** |  | [optional] [readonly] 
**CurrencyId** | Pointer to **int32** | Use either currency_id or currency_code | [optional] 
**CurrencyCode** | Pointer to **string** | Use either currency_id or currency_code | [optional] 
**CurrencySymbol** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] [readonly] 
**CurrencyDecimalPlaces** | Pointer to **int32** |  | [optional] [readonly] 
**Name** | **string** |  | 
**AmountMin** | **string** |  | 
**AmountMax** | **string** |  | 
**Date** | **string** |  | 
**RepeatFreq** | **string** | How often the bill must be paid. | 
**Skip** | Pointer to **int32** | How often the bill must be skipped. 1 means a bi-monthly bill. | [optional] 
**Active** | Pointer to **bool** | If the bill is active. | [optional] 
**Notes** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**NextExpectedMatch** | Pointer to **string** | When the bill is expected to be due. | [optional] [readonly] 
**ObjectGroupId** | Pointer to **int32** | The group ID of the group this object is part of. NULL if no group. | [optional] 
**ObjectGroupOrder** | Pointer to **int32** | The order of the group. At least 1, for the highest sorting. | [optional] 
**ObjectGroupTitle** | Pointer to **string** | The name of the group. NULL if no group. | [optional] 
**PayDates** | Pointer to **[]string** | Array of future dates when the bill is expected to be paid. Autogenerated. | [optional] [readonly] 
**PaidDates** | Pointer to [**[]BillPaidDates**](BillPaidDates.md) | Array of past transactions when the bill was paid. | [optional] [readonly] 

## Methods

### NewBill

`func NewBill(name string, amountMin string, amountMax string, date string, repeatFreq string, ) *Bill`

NewBill instantiates a new Bill object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewBillWithDefaults

`func NewBillWithDefaults() *Bill`

NewBillWithDefaults instantiates a new Bill object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetCreatedAt

`func (o *Bill) GetCreatedAt() time.Time`

GetCreatedAt returns the CreatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreatedAtOk

`func (o *Bill) GetCreatedAtOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetCreatedAtOk returns a tuple with the CreatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreatedAt

`func (o *Bill) SetCreatedAt(v time.Time)`

SetCreatedAt sets CreatedAt field to given value.

### HasCreatedAt

`func (o *Bill) HasCreatedAt() bool`

HasCreatedAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUpdatedAt

`func (o *Bill) GetUpdatedAt() time.Time`

GetUpdatedAt returns the UpdatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUpdatedAtOk

`func (o *Bill) GetUpdatedAtOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetUpdatedAtOk returns a tuple with the UpdatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUpdatedAt

`func (o *Bill) SetUpdatedAt(v time.Time)`

SetUpdatedAt sets UpdatedAt field to given value.

### HasUpdatedAt

`func (o *Bill) HasUpdatedAt() bool`

HasUpdatedAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCurrencyId

`func (o *Bill) GetCurrencyId() int32`

GetCurrencyId returns the CurrencyId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCurrencyIdOk

`func (o *Bill) GetCurrencyIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetCurrencyIdOk returns a tuple with the CurrencyId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCurrencyId

`func (o *Bill) SetCurrencyId(v int32)`

SetCurrencyId sets CurrencyId field to given value.

### HasCurrencyId

`func (o *Bill) HasCurrencyId() bool`

HasCurrencyId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCurrencyCode

`func (o *Bill) GetCurrencyCode() string`

GetCurrencyCode returns the CurrencyCode field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCurrencyCodeOk

`func (o *Bill) GetCurrencyCodeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCurrencyCodeOk returns a tuple with the CurrencyCode field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCurrencyCode

`func (o *Bill) SetCurrencyCode(v string)`

SetCurrencyCode sets CurrencyCode field to given value.

### HasCurrencyCode

`func (o *Bill) HasCurrencyCode() bool`

HasCurrencyCode returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCurrencySymbol

`func (o *Bill) GetCurrencySymbol() string`

GetCurrencySymbol returns the CurrencySymbol field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCurrencySymbolOk

`func (o *Bill) GetCurrencySymbolOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCurrencySymbolOk returns a tuple with the CurrencySymbol field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCurrencySymbol

`func (o *Bill) SetCurrencySymbol(v string)`

SetCurrencySymbol sets CurrencySymbol field to given value.

### HasCurrencySymbol

`func (o *Bill) HasCurrencySymbol() bool`

HasCurrencySymbol returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCurrencyDecimalPlaces

`func (o *Bill) GetCurrencyDecimalPlaces() int32`

GetCurrencyDecimalPlaces returns the CurrencyDecimalPlaces field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCurrencyDecimalPlacesOk

`func (o *Bill) GetCurrencyDecimalPlacesOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetCurrencyDecimalPlacesOk returns a tuple with the CurrencyDecimalPlaces field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCurrencyDecimalPlaces

`func (o *Bill) SetCurrencyDecimalPlaces(v int32)`

SetCurrencyDecimalPlaces sets CurrencyDecimalPlaces field to given value.

### HasCurrencyDecimalPlaces

`func (o *Bill) HasCurrencyDecimalPlaces() bool`

HasCurrencyDecimalPlaces returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetName

`func (o *Bill) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *Bill) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *Bill) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.


### GetAmountMin

`func (o *Bill) GetAmountMin() string`

GetAmountMin returns the AmountMin field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAmountMinOk

`func (o *Bill) GetAmountMinOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAmountMinOk returns a tuple with the AmountMin field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAmountMin

`func (o *Bill) SetAmountMin(v string)`

SetAmountMin sets AmountMin field to given value.


### GetAmountMax

`func (o *Bill) GetAmountMax() string`

GetAmountMax returns the AmountMax field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAmountMaxOk

`func (o *Bill) GetAmountMaxOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAmountMaxOk returns a tuple with the AmountMax field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAmountMax

`func (o *Bill) SetAmountMax(v string)`

SetAmountMax sets AmountMax field to given value.


### GetDate

`func (o *Bill) GetDate() string`

GetDate returns the Date field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDateOk

`func (o *Bill) GetDateOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDateOk returns a tuple with the Date field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDate

`func (o *Bill) SetDate(v string)`

SetDate sets Date field to given value.


### GetRepeatFreq

`func (o *Bill) GetRepeatFreq() string`

GetRepeatFreq returns the RepeatFreq field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRepeatFreqOk

`func (o *Bill) GetRepeatFreqOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRepeatFreqOk returns a tuple with the RepeatFreq field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRepeatFreq

`func (o *Bill) SetRepeatFreq(v string)`

SetRepeatFreq sets RepeatFreq field to given value.


### GetSkip

`func (o *Bill) GetSkip() int32`

GetSkip returns the Skip field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSkipOk

`func (o *Bill) GetSkipOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetSkipOk returns a tuple with the Skip field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSkip

`func (o *Bill) SetSkip(v int32)`

SetSkip sets Skip field to given value.

### HasSkip

`func (o *Bill) HasSkip() bool`

HasSkip returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetActive

`func (o *Bill) GetActive() bool`

GetActive returns the Active field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetActiveOk

`func (o *Bill) GetActiveOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetActiveOk returns a tuple with the Active field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetActive

`func (o *Bill) SetActive(v bool)`

SetActive sets Active field to given value.

### HasActive

`func (o *Bill) HasActive() bool`

HasActive returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetNotes

`func (o *Bill) GetNotes() string`

GetNotes returns the Notes field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNotesOk

`func (o *Bill) GetNotesOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNotesOk returns a tuple with the Notes field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNotes

`func (o *Bill) SetNotes(v string)`

SetNotes sets Notes field to given value.

### HasNotes

`func (o *Bill) HasNotes() bool`

HasNotes returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetNextExpectedMatch

`func (o *Bill) GetNextExpectedMatch() string`

GetNextExpectedMatch returns the NextExpectedMatch field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNextExpectedMatchOk

`func (o *Bill) GetNextExpectedMatchOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNextExpectedMatchOk returns a tuple with the NextExpectedMatch field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNextExpectedMatch

`func (o *Bill) SetNextExpectedMatch(v string)`

SetNextExpectedMatch sets NextExpectedMatch field to given value.

### HasNextExpectedMatch

`func (o *Bill) HasNextExpectedMatch() bool`

HasNextExpectedMatch returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetObjectGroupId

`func (o *Bill) GetObjectGroupId() int32`

GetObjectGroupId returns the ObjectGroupId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetObjectGroupIdOk

`func (o *Bill) GetObjectGroupIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetObjectGroupIdOk returns a tuple with the ObjectGroupId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetObjectGroupId

`func (o *Bill) SetObjectGroupId(v int32)`

SetObjectGroupId sets ObjectGroupId field to given value.

### HasObjectGroupId

`func (o *Bill) HasObjectGroupId() bool`

HasObjectGroupId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetObjectGroupOrder

`func (o *Bill) GetObjectGroupOrder() int32`

GetObjectGroupOrder returns the ObjectGroupOrder field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetObjectGroupOrderOk

`func (o *Bill) GetObjectGroupOrderOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetObjectGroupOrderOk returns a tuple with the ObjectGroupOrder field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetObjectGroupOrder

`func (o *Bill) SetObjectGroupOrder(v int32)`

SetObjectGroupOrder sets ObjectGroupOrder field to given value.

### HasObjectGroupOrder

`func (o *Bill) HasObjectGroupOrder() bool`

HasObjectGroupOrder returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetObjectGroupTitle

`func (o *Bill) GetObjectGroupTitle() string`

GetObjectGroupTitle returns the ObjectGroupTitle field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetObjectGroupTitleOk

`func (o *Bill) GetObjectGroupTitleOk() (*string, bool)`

GetObjectGroupTitleOk returns a tuple with the ObjectGroupTitle field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetObjectGroupTitle

`func (o *Bill) SetObjectGroupTitle(v string)`

SetObjectGroupTitle sets ObjectGroupTitle field to given value.

### HasObjectGroupTitle

`func (o *Bill) HasObjectGroupTitle() bool`

HasObjectGroupTitle returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPayDates

`func (o *Bill) GetPayDates() []string`

GetPayDates returns the PayDates field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPayDatesOk

`func (o *Bill) GetPayDatesOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetPayDatesOk returns a tuple with the PayDates field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPayDates

`func (o *Bill) SetPayDates(v []string)`

SetPayDates sets PayDates field to given value.

### HasPayDates

`func (o *Bill) HasPayDates() bool`

HasPayDates returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPaidDates

`func (o *Bill) GetPaidDates() []BillPaidDates`

GetPaidDates returns the PaidDates field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPaidDatesOk

`func (o *Bill) GetPaidDatesOk() (*[]BillPaidDates, bool)`

GetPaidDatesOk returns a tuple with the PaidDates field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPaidDates

`func (o *Bill) SetPaidDates(v []BillPaidDates)`

SetPaidDates sets PaidDates field to given value.

### HasPaidDates

`func (o *Bill) HasPaidDates() bool`

HasPaidDates returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


