# WebhookUpdate

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Active** | Pointer to **bool** | Boolean to indicate if the webhook is active | [optional] 
**Title** | Pointer to **string** | A title for the webhook for easy recognition. | [optional] 
**Secret** | Pointer to **string** | A 24-character secret for the webhook. It&#39;s generated by Firefly III when saving a new webhook. If you submit a new secret through the PUT endpoint it will generate a new secret for the selected webhook, a new secret bearing no relation to whatever you just submitted. | [optional] 
**Trigger** | Pointer to **string** | The trigger for the webhook. | [optional] 
**Response** | Pointer to **string** | Indicator for what Firefly III will deliver to the webhook URL. | [optional] 
**Delivery** | Pointer to **string** | Format of the delivered response. | [optional] 
**Url** | Pointer to **string** | The URL of the webhook. Has to start with &#x60;https&#x60;. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewWebhookUpdate

`func NewWebhookUpdate() *WebhookUpdate`

NewWebhookUpdate instantiates a new WebhookUpdate object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewWebhookUpdateWithDefaults

`func NewWebhookUpdateWithDefaults() *WebhookUpdate`

NewWebhookUpdateWithDefaults instantiates a new WebhookUpdate object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetActive

`func (o *WebhookUpdate) GetActive() bool`

GetActive returns the Active field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetActiveOk

`func (o *WebhookUpdate) GetActiveOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetActiveOk returns a tuple with the Active field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetActive

`func (o *WebhookUpdate) SetActive(v bool)`

SetActive sets Active field to given value.

### HasActive

`func (o *WebhookUpdate) HasActive() bool`

HasActive returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTitle

`func (o *WebhookUpdate) GetTitle() string`

GetTitle returns the Title field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTitleOk

`func (o *WebhookUpdate) GetTitleOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTitleOk returns a tuple with the Title field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTitle

`func (o *WebhookUpdate) SetTitle(v string)`

SetTitle sets Title field to given value.

### HasTitle

`func (o *WebhookUpdate) HasTitle() bool`

HasTitle returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSecret

`func (o *WebhookUpdate) GetSecret() string`

GetSecret returns the Secret field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSecretOk

`func (o *WebhookUpdate) GetSecretOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSecretOk returns a tuple with the Secret field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSecret

`func (o *WebhookUpdate) SetSecret(v string)`

SetSecret sets Secret field to given value.

### HasSecret

`func (o *WebhookUpdate) HasSecret() bool`

HasSecret returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTrigger

`func (o *WebhookUpdate) GetTrigger() string`

GetTrigger returns the Trigger field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTriggerOk

`func (o *WebhookUpdate) GetTriggerOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTriggerOk returns a tuple with the Trigger field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTrigger

`func (o *WebhookUpdate) SetTrigger(v string)`

SetTrigger sets Trigger field to given value.

### HasTrigger

`func (o *WebhookUpdate) HasTrigger() bool`

HasTrigger returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetResponse

`func (o *WebhookUpdate) GetResponse() string`

GetResponse returns the Response field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetResponseOk

`func (o *WebhookUpdate) GetResponseOk() (*string, bool)`

GetResponseOk returns a tuple with the Response field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetResponse

`func (o *WebhookUpdate) SetResponse(v string)`

SetResponse sets Response field to given value.

### HasResponse

`func (o *WebhookUpdate) HasResponse() bool`

HasResponse returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDelivery

`func (o *WebhookUpdate) GetDelivery() string`

GetDelivery returns the Delivery field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDeliveryOk

`func (o *WebhookUpdate) GetDeliveryOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDeliveryOk returns a tuple with the Delivery field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDelivery

`func (o *WebhookUpdate) SetDelivery(v string)`

SetDelivery sets Delivery field to given value.

### HasDelivery

`func (o *WebhookUpdate) HasDelivery() bool`

HasDelivery returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUrl

`func (o *WebhookUpdate) GetUrl() string`

GetUrl returns the Url field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUrlOk

`func (o *WebhookUpdate) GetUrlOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUrlOk returns a tuple with the Url field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUrl

`func (o *WebhookUpdate) SetUrl(v string)`

SetUrl sets Url field to given value.

### HasUrl

`func (o *WebhookUpdate) HasUrl() bool`

HasUrl returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


